Log EU ssl certificate (#3660)
DataDog/documentation: content/integrations/rsyslog.md

    To set the source, use the following format (if you have several sources, change the name of the format in each file):

    ```
    $template DatadogFormat,"<DATADOG_API_KEY> <%pri%>%protocol-version% %timestamp:::date-rfc3339% %HOSTNAME% %app-name% - - [metas ddsource=\"<MY_SOURCE_NAME>\"] %msg%\n"
    ```

>     You can also add custom tags thanks to the `ddtags` attribute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     You can also add custom tags with the `ddtags` attribute:
```

    sudo service rsyslog restart
    ```

[1]: /crt/intake.logs.datadoghq.com.crt
[2]: /crt/FULL_intake.logs.datadoghq.com.crt
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Datadog EU app.datadoghq.eu" %}}

> 1. (Optional) Activate Rsyslog file monitoring module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Optional) Activate Rsyslog file monitoring module.
```

    If you want to watch/monitor specific log files, then you have to activate the imfile module by adding this to  your `rsyslog.conf`:

    * **Rsyslog Version <8**
        ```
        $ModLoad imfile
        $InputFilePollInterval 10
        $PrivDropToGroup adm
        $WorkDirectory /var/spool/rsyslog
        ```

    * **Rsyslog Version >= 8**
        ```
        module(load="imfile" PollingInterval="10") #needs to be done just once
        ```

2. Create a `/etc/rsyslog.d/datadog.conf` file.
3. (Optional) Set the files to monitor. Add the following in `/etc/rsyslog.d/datadog.conf`.
    * **Rsyslog Version <8**.

        ```
        # Input for FILE1
        $InputFileName /<PATH_TO_FILE1>
        $InputFileTag <APP_NAME_OF_FILE1>
        $InputFileStateFile <UNIQUE_FILE_ID>
        $InputFileSeverity info
        $InputRunFileMonitor
        ```
    * **Rsyslog Version >= 8**

        ```
        # For each file to send
        input(type="imfile" ruleset="infiles" Tag="<APP_NAME_OF_FILE1>" File="<PATH_TO_FILE1>" StateFile="<UNIQUE_FILE_ID>")
        ```

> 4. Send the logs to your Datadog platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Send the logs to your Datadog platform.
```

>     To send logs directly to your Datadog account from Rsyslog over TCP, we firstly need to to define the format in `/etc/rsyslog.d/datadog.conf`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     To send logs directly to your Datadog account from Rsyslog over TCP, first define the format in `/etc/rsyslog.d/datadog.conf`:
```

    ```
    $template DatadogFormat,"<DATADOG_API_KEY> <%pri%>%protocol-version% %timestamp:::date-rfc3339% %HOSTNAME% %app-name% - - - %msg%\n"
    ```

    Then define the endpoint:
    * **Rsyslog Version <8**

    ```
    *.* @@tcp-intake.logs.datadoghq.eu:1883;DatadogFormat
    ```
    * **Rsyslog Version >= 8**

    ```
    ruleset(name="infiles") {
        action(type="omfwd" target="tcp-intake.logs.datadoghq.eu" protocol="tcp" port="1883" template="DatadogFormat")
    }
    ```

>     This assumes that you have TLS enabled for your Rsyslog--if you do not, then you should use port 10514 instead of 10516.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This assumes that you have TLS enabled for your Rsyslog--if you do not, then use port 10514 instead of 10516.
```

>     Alternatively, to send logs from Rsyslog to your Datadog Logs Agent, configure your dd-agent to expect logs over UDP/TCP on a port of your choosing, add the following content to the end of your `/etc/rsyslog.d/datadog.conf`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Alternatively, to send logs from Rsyslog to your Datadog Logs Agent, configure your `dd-agent` to expect logs over UDP/TCP on a port of your choosing by adding the following content to the end of your `/etc/rsyslog.d/datadog.conf`:
```

    ```
    $template DatadogFormat,"%msg%\n"
    *.* @@localhost:<PORT>;DatadogFormat  # @@ for TCP, @ for UDP
    ```

5. (Optional) TLS Encryption

>     While sending your logs directly from Rsyslog to your Datadog account, if you want to add TLS encryption, take the following steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    While sending your logs directly from Rsyslog to your Datadog account, to add TLS encryption, take the following steps.
```
